Release notes for v1.0.6

This is an update to v1.0.5. Please read UPDATE_README for
installation details.

v1.0.6 changes
Bugs fixed:
Issue #26: Added checking to Instrument.checkValidity to
  enforce physical limitations on instrument geometry.
Enhancements
Issue #31: Explicit support for a hemispherical bore top.
  Added a button in the NAF instrument view that creates the
  bore points for a hemispherical bore top. Created two new
  taper optimizers (hole grouping and no grouping) that create
  a hemispherical bore top as part of the optimization process.

v1.0.5 changes
Bugs fixed:
Issue #20: The Enter key no longer activates the default
  button in dialog boxes.
Issue #21: Instrument and tuning validation report only first
  error found.
Issue #23: New menu item and toolbar button create a blank
  text file of no current use
Issue #24: Mac functionality and Look and Feel. Caveats:
  1. The Look and Feel for Macs has been set to cross-platform
     in order to display cell lines in tables, make the Hole
     Group Creation dialog usable, and the warning/information
     dialogs readable.
  2. The standard toolbar components (Open, Save, etc.) are not
     displayed, only the custom toolbar. Since toolbars are not
     part of the standard Mac interface, this issue is not
     considered important.
  3. The naming of new, unsaved files (from an optimization run
     or from Create default/blank constraints) is a bit
     inconsistent, starting with "Untitled" and then skipping
     to "Untitled5" or "Untitled3" respectively.
Issue #25: Save button disabled without explanation when
  instrument or tuning not fully populated.
Issue #27: There is no trap in StudyModel for a no-variable
  optimization.
Issue #28: Multi-start optimization does not respect optimizer
  choice.
Issue #29: Cannot see Termination Flange Diameter in NAF
  Instrument view after latest check-ins.
Issue #30: For the NAF, incorrect activation of Constraints
  menu items. Activation strategy:
  1. Open constraints - active if instrument and optimizer are
     selected in Study, and Constraints directory is set.
  2. Save-as constraints - active if constraints have focus in
     data view and Constraints directory is set.
  3. Create default - active is instrument and optimizer are
     selected in Study; no requirement that Constraints directory
     is set.
  4. Create blank - as Create default above.
Enhancements:
  For the NAF, univariate optimizer has been change to the Brent
    optimizer: faster, and converges better.

v1.0.4 changes
Bugs fixed:
Issue #9: In Instrument view, mouthpiece values have a 
  different L&F than table values.
Issue #13: Tuning File Wizard, tuning page does not allow
  fingering page load unless fingering has a name.
Enhancements: none

v1.0.3 changes
Bugs fixed:
Modified the NafStudy sample instruments to more
  accurately reflect tuning calculation changes in
  v1.0.2.
Deleted legacy constraints for NafStudyModel in
  single-taper, hole-grouping optimizer. 
Enhancements: none

v1.0.2 changes
Bugs fixed:
Issue #10: Warn on dirty flag is not persisted between sessions.
  The flag state is now store in the application preferences.
Issue #12: NAF headspace calculation gives incorrect results.
  The calculation parameters have been tweeked to more
  accurately calculate the tuning for common bore profiles.
  
Enhancements:
